beta - Release notes 6.43.0 (#10307)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta: CHANGELOG.md

* secretmanager: added `fetch_secret_data` to `google_secret_manager_secret_version` to optionally skip fetching the secret data ([#10282](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10282))

BUG FIXES:
* compute: fixed `match` field in `google_compute_router_route_policy` resource to be marked as required ([#10298](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10298))
* compute: fixed an issue with `bgp_always_compare_med` in `google_compute_network` where it was unable to be set from `true` to `false` ([#10286](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10286))
* compute: made no replication status in `google_compute_disk_async_replication` a retryable error ([#10296](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10296))
* gkeonprem: fixed type of `load_balancer.0.bgp_lb_config.0.address_pools.0.manual_assign` in `google_gkeonprem_bare_metal_cluster`, making it a boolean instead of a string ([#10283](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10283))

> * integrationconnectors: removed validation from authConfigs in `google_integration_connectors_connection` ([#10267](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10267))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* integrationconnectors: removed validation from auth configs in `google_integration_connectors_connection` resource ([#10267](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/10267))
```
